[SOFT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>>May the Lord bless
you and keep you.
May he turn his face on you and
give you his peace and his joy
and his love and his protection.
May he be with you
now, at this hour,
in every moment of your
lives, at the moment when
you close your eyes, in order to
open them to him for his glory.
May he be with you.
May he bless you.
The Father, the Son,
and the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
[SOFT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>>[SPEAKING LATIN]
>>Our Father, who art in
heaven, hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come,
thy will be done,
on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day
our daily bread.
Forgive us our
trespasses, as we forgive
those who trespass against us.
And lead us not into temptation,
but deliver us from evil,
for thine is the
kingdom, and the power,
and the glory, forever.
Amen.
>>Help us, Lord.
Bless us, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Amen.
[SOFT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]